 1E-TM - Terra Mystica
Terra Mystica is a board game that can be played with 2 to 5 people. The game passes in a world with different terrains (7). These terrains are the mainlands of the heroes that the player is going to choose. There are 14 different heroes and each 2 has the same terrain as its mainland. There can be only one hero that can use one mainland. The games purpose is to gain the most points in 6 rounds. To gain points, players need to scatter around the map and develop buildings. They also need to upgrade the buildings to gain more points. Each hero has its own special powers. For example, at the start of the game each player can choose 2 mainland places to start the game, but some heroes could start with 3 mainland places. To create buildings players will spend workers and coins. They also need workers and coins to spread, but they also can use shovels too. At the start of the game, for each round, a card is opened that shows what the players will gain according to to the card at the start and end of the round. There are also powers that can be used in the game.  These powers could be used to convert to workers and coins. For gaining more points the game has priests that walks in 4 different cults. (Fire, water, earth, air) The player who has the most priests that are in the lead of the cult gains points. In each round there are bonus cards a player can choose. These bonus cards could be used to get more workers,coins and powers, also to improve priests positions. Each hero starts with 0 level shovel and 0 level sailing. Improving sailing makes heroes gain land easier around see-shores and give extra points to players. Upgrading shovel also gives extra points and it also makes tereforming land with less workers. You can use powers also to use extra cards for each round. Have fun :)
